[DOC-3488] Move rate limits, delete api rate limits (#2657)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/Resource-Development/16_APIs/api-quickstart.md

:::warning
Please copy and store your token value somewhere safe. You won't be able to see it again.  
  
Your API keys carry many privileges, so be sure not to share them in publicly accessible areas. Make sure you always use the updated API Key value after you rotate the token. For more details, go to [Rotate Token](../../3_User-Management/7-add-and-manage-api-keys.md#rotate-token).
:::

#### Service Account Tokens

> You can also use a Service Account Tokens instead of PAT. Go to [Add and Manage Service Accounts](../../../platform/3_User-Management/6-add-and-manage-service-account.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use service account tokens instead of PAT. For more information, go to [Add and Manage Service Accounts](../../../platform/3_User-Management/6-add-and-manage-service-account.md).
```
